Initial commit (#1)
brigadecore/brigade-acr-gateway: README.md

our help. 😉

With this public IP in hand, edit your name servers and add an `A` record
pointing your domain to the public IP.

### 4. Create Webhooks

In your browser, visit the Azure Portal and navigate to the Azure Container
Registry for which you'd like to send webhooks to this gateway. From the
__Services__ section, select __Webhooks__ and click __Add__.

Here, you can add webhooks for the entire registry or for specific repositories
within the registry.

* In the __Webhook name__ field, add a meaningful name for the webhook.

* If your registry is replicated across regions, select the applicable
  __Location__.

* In the __Service URI__ field, use a value of the form 
  `https://<DNS hostname or publicIP>/events`.

* In the __Custom headers__ field, add `Authorization: Bearer <token>`, where
  `<token>` is any of the tokens that were specified in `my-values.yaml` at the
  time of gateway installation. This will enable authentication to this gateway.

* In the __Actions__ field, select the actions that should trigger a webhook.
  Note that `chart_push` and `chart_delete` are not supported by this gateway.

> * The __Status__ field can be used to enabled or disable the webhook. It is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The __Status__ field can be used to enable or disable the webhook. It is
```

  enabled by default.

* The __Scope__ field can be used to make this webhook be triggered only by the
  selected action (__Actions__ field) on a _specific repository within the
  registry_. If __Scope__ is left blank, selected actions on _any repository
  within the registry_ will trigger the webhook.

* Click __Create__

### 5. Add a Brigade Project

You can create any number of Brigade projects (or modify an existing one) to
listen for events that were sent from an ACR repository to your gateway and, in
turn, emitted into Brigade's event bus. You can subscribe to all event types
emitted by the gateway, or just specific ones.

In the example project definition below, we subscribe to all events emitted by
the gateway, provided they've originated from the `example.azurecr.io` registry
and the `brigadecore/brigade-acr-gateway` repository (see the `registry`
qualifier and `repo` label).

```yaml
apiVersion: brigade.sh/v2-beta
kind: Project
metadata:
  id: acr-demo
description: A project that demonstrates integration with ACR
spec:
  eventSubscriptions:
  - source: brigade.sh/acr
    types:
    - *
    qualifiers:
      registry: example.azurecr.io
    labels:

>       repo: brigade-acr-gateway

Reviewer: To match the description above, should the full `brigadecore/brigade-acr-gateway` string be used here?  If so, the same applies to the example below and the one in the `examples/` dir.

Author: Nice catch.

It's the description that's wrong. User/org namespaces like those we're familiar with on Docker Hub, quay.io, etc. are not common in ACR.

I'll make the description match the example.

But...

You're also making me second guess something. Across several gateways, I've used the gateway's own repo (or an imaginary repo containing the gateway's name) as examples. This practice possibly could introduce some confusion by making the examples less clear.

I think I should revise all docs/examples to use fictitious repos and explicitly call that out as well.

  workerTemplate:
    defaultConfigFiles:
      brigade.js: |-
        const { events } = require("@brigadecore/brigadier");

        events.on("brigade.sh/acr", "push", () => {

>           console.log("Someone pushed an image to example.azurecr.io/brigade-acr-gateway!");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          console.log("Someone pushed an image to example.azurecr.io/example-repo!");
```

        });

        events.process();
```

In the alternative example below, we subscribe _only_ to `push` events:

```yaml
apiVersion: brigade.sh/v2-beta
kind: Project
metadata:
  id: acr-demo
description: A project that demonstrates integration with ACR
spec:
  eventSubscriptions:
  - source: brigade.sh/acr
    types:
    - push
    qualifiers:
      registry: example.azurecr.io
    labels:
      repo: example-repo
  workerTemplate:
    defaultConfigFiles:
      brigade.js: |-
        const { events } = require("@brigadecore/brigadier");

        events.on("brigade.sh/acr", "push", () => {

>           console.log("Someone pushed an image to example.azurecr.io/brigade-acr-gateway!");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          console.log("Someone pushed an image to example.azurecr.io/example-repo!");
```
